Add release notes for 1.11.2 patch release (#9430)
spiceai/spiceai: docs/release_notes/v1.11.2.md

# Spice v1.11.2 (Feb 17, 2026)

> Spice v1.11.2 is a patch release that improves the reliability of the HTTP data connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spice v1.11.2 is a patch release that tunes the behavior of the HTTP data connector.
```
